# Agent
- An agent is a computer system situated in an environment.
- It is capable of autonomous action in this environment to meet its delegated objectives.
- Autonomy is a spectrum.
- Agents live in an environment, observe it, maintain knowledge about it, make decisions, and act within it.
- They can communicate with other systems/agents and coordinate with other agents in a cooperative setting.
- They can also negotiate with other agents in a non-cooperative setting.

# Multi-Agent Systems (MAS)
- A Multi-Agent System consists of multiple agents that interact with each other and the environment.
- Generally, agents have different goals which often conflict.
- To successfully interact, they need to learn, cooperate, coordinate, and negotiate.

## Motivations for studying MAS
### Technological Motivations
- Growth of distributed, networked computer systems where computers act more as individuals than parts.
- MAS provides robustness with no single point of failure.
- It is scalable and flexible, allowing for the addition of new agents when needed and asynchronous, parallel processing.
- Development and reusability are possible as components are developed independently by specialists.

## Applications
### Robotics
- Robots act as physical agents (embodiment) in the Internet of Things (IoT), swarms of drones, fleets of autonomous vehicles, and the physical internet.

## Motivations for studying MAS (2)
### Scientific Motivations
- Models for interactivity in human societies such as economics and social sciences.
- Models for the emergence of cooperation include coordination among agents and negotiation among agents. 




#TODO continue l1p1


# [[Game theory]]

